TINY-6263: Fix `editor.insertContent` incorrectly handling nested style spans (#6731)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The color picker dialog will now show an alert if it is submitted with an invalid hex color code #TINY-2814
- Fixed a bug where the `TableModified` event was not fired when adding a table row via the Tab key #TINY-7006
- Added missing type for `images_file_types` setting #GH-6607

> - The `editor.insertContent` API was incorrectly handling nested matching style `span` elements #TINY-6263

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `editor.insertContent` API was incorrectly handling nested `span` elements with matching styles #TINY-6263
```
maybe?
